# Section E

### Code analysis: `Task` methods

The `Task` model has several autogenerated methods.  What are they and what do they do?  Put your answers below.

* `new`
  Creates a new, blank task.

* `edit`
  Renders a given task for editing.

* `create`
  Creates and persists a new instance of a `Task`, given the posted parameters.

    Redirects the user to the appropriate page after persistience, flashing
    a notice regarding the success or lack thereof for the operation.

* `index`
  Renders a list of all tasks or for those tasks matching a given query.

* `update`
  Updates the information for a given task, persisting it and subsequently redirecting
  the user to the appropriate page, flashing a notice regarding the success
  or lack thereof for the operation.

* `destroy`
  Deletes a given Task, redirecting the user to the index for the Tasks.

### Server Configuration: `RabbitMQ`

[RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com) is an open source Message Queuing server. It supports the Advanced Message Queueing Protocol (AMQP 0-8,0-9(-1)) and is implemented in Erlang. RabbitMQ uses Erlang for cluster management and for permanent storage of messages in the queue (in case of server failure).

It also, unfortunately, uses Erlang syntax for configuration.

#### The Question

Provide the contents of a simple configuration file which disables TCP keepalive.  Note: RabbitMQ default to TCP keepalive being on ;).

        [
            {rabbit, [
                { tcp_listen_options, [binary,
                                      {packet, raw},
                                      {reuseaddr, true},
                                      {backlog, 128},
                                      {nodelay, true},
                                      {exit_on_close, false},
                                      {keepalive, false}]
                }
            ]}
        ]
### Testing & Code Review

#### Testing

Place answers for Testing questions in the standard Rails location.  Comments detailing the tests are generally useful, but not required.

#### Code Review

Place answers for Code Review questions inline with the code being reviewed. Begin each code review comment with `### REVIEW: [your comment here]` to make finding them easier (only the first line of a multiline comment needs to be prefixed).  There isn't necessarily a right or wrong way to conduct a code review.  Be as strict as you are 'in the wild' so to speak.  The only required code review comments are for code that seems erroneous.

